Update hybrid-cloud-to-on-premises.md (#77285)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory/external-identities/hybrid-cloud-to-on-premises.md

## Access to SAML apps

> If your on-premises app uses SAML-based authentication, you can easily make these apps available to your Azure AD B2B collaboration users through the Azure portal, using Azure AD Application Proxy 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your on-premises app uses SAML-based authentication, you can easily make these apps available to your Azure AD B2B collaboration users through the Azure portal using Azure AD Application Proxy.
```

You must do the following :

> - You need to enable Application Proxy and install a connector. For instructions, see [Publish applications using Azure AD Application Proxy](../app-proxy/application-proxy-add-on-premises-application.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enable Application Proxy and install a connector. For instructions, see [Publish applications using Azure AD Application Proxy](../app-proxy/application-proxy-add-on-premises-application.md).
```

> - Publish the On-Prem SAML based Application through Azure AD Application Proxy ,by follow the Instruction [SAML single sign-on for on-premises applications with Application Proxy](../app-proxy/application-proxy-configure-single-sign-on-on-premises-apps.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Publish the on-premises SAML-based application through Azure AD Application Proxy by following the instructions in [SAML single sign-on for on-premises applications with Application Proxy](../app-proxy/application-proxy-configure-single-sign-on-on-premises-apps.md).
```

- Assign Azure AD B2B Users to the SAML Application.

> When you've completed all these steps above, your app should be up and running. To test the Azure AD B2B Access:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you've completed the steps above, your app should be up and running. To test Azure AD B2B access:
```

> 1.	Open a browser and navigate to the External URL that you created when you published the app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.	Open a browser and navigate to the external URL that you created when you published the app.
```

> 2.	Sign in with the Azure AD B2B account that you assigned to the app. You should be able to load the application and have SSO into the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.	Sign in with the Azure AD B2B account that you assigned to the app. You should be able to open the app and access it with single sign-on.
```
